The web forgets by accident.
Alexandria Here is a witnessed
restoration engine for the lost web.
It does not generate the past;
it reconciles surviving witnesses.
This is iExile, the literary community
I founded in 2007,
returned from public archive evidence.
Give Alexandria one public URL.
When connected evidence is sufficient,
it opens directly into a coherent
returned site—not a screenshot gallery.
This edition passed through the same
bounded live-recovery pipeline
available to every visitor.
It returns five visible pages
from eight capture records
spanning August through November 2009.
Its centerpiece is challengeability.
Show the Seams exposes
block-level provenance.
Every rendered historical block resolves
to archived evidence and a content hash.
Alexandria may reconstruct placement,
but it cannot display unsupported
historical content.
If a page is known only through
surviving links,
the absence remains visible.
The Temporal Evidence Graph reconciles
capture dates,
URL variants, conflicts,
and source relationships
into one supported edition.
The Ghost Map reveals
the shape of survival:
returned pages, inferred connections,
and eight known absences—paths
witnessed by the archive,
but not faithfully recoverable.
Every recovery ends with
a mechanical receipt.
This one discloses planner GPT-5.6,
model GPT-5.6-sol,
946 source hashes, 347 rendered blocks,
and ten of ten passing validations.
The model proposes consequential
evidence choices;
deterministic code derives
the cited structure
and decides what may be rendered.
Failure stays visible.
Silence is never filled with fiction.
Codex served as the build integrator
across architecture,
archive retrieval, hostile HTML handling,
temporal reasoning, security, tests,
deployment, and browser audits.
Inside the shipped product,
GPT-5.6 is the Chronologist.
It receives a bounded evidence packet
and returns only a strict schema:
visible-page order and
primary witness IDs.
It is consequential,
but never allowed to write history.
Alexandria Here returns a
place—with witnesses.
The lost web,
present again, without pretending
the gaps were never there.